# Measuirng the GDPR with Storyboards

# Part I Diagramming the Data
<div class="infogram-embed" data-id="a9edc6b4-225f-4306-8ecf-0ec98b5f92f5" data-type="interactive" data-title="Infographic Modern"></div><script>!function(e,t,s,i){var n="InfogramEmbeds",o=e.getElementsByTagName("script")[0],d=/^http:/.test(e.location)?"http:":"https:";if(/^\/{2}/.test(i)&&(i=d+i),window[n]&&window[n].initialized)window[n].process&&window[n].process();else if(!e.getElementById(s)){var r=e.createElement("script");r.async=1,r.id=s,r.src=i,o.parentNode.insertBefore(r,o)}}(document,0,"infogram-async","https://e.infogram.com/js/dist/embed-loader-min.js");</script><div style="padding:8px 0;font-family:Arial!important;font-size:13px!important;line-height:15px!important;text-align:center;border-top:1px solid #dadada;margin:0 30px"><a href="https://infogram.com/a9edc6b4-225f-4306-8ecf-0ec98b5f92f5" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank">Infographic Modern</a><br><a href="https://infogram.com" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Infogram</a></div>

# Part II User Research Protocol

My data centers upon initial GDPR data which confirms that GDPR legislation has increased the number of disclosed breaches for consumer awareness. My target audience is American citizens who may not be familiar with how GDPR's legislation can provide citizens with more awareness about how their information is used, stored, and deleted. 

In order to gain a sample of this target audience, I chose to interview individuals who do not have prior experience or studies in policy or privacy. Interviewees included a doctor from UPMC, a Masters in Liberal Arts student at Stanford, and a football coach from Ohio. None of these interviewees had previous studies in privacy, or the GDPR legislation. For each individual, I asked them what my wireframe sketches represented and what information the graphs presented. Next I asked the interviewees what information they didn't understand, and what action they would take after seeing this dataset. 

# Interviewee Responses

All three users had confusion about why the US wasn’t present in the bottom graph. The bottom graph lacked labels so they were confused about what the breaches represented. They questioned what companies were breached, and why that information wasn’t present in any of the graphs. They didn't understand how the pie graph of user complaints fit into the dataset.

As the author of the page, I recognized that the data was disjointed, and not clearly synced in a concise argument. I want the reader to see where data breaches were previously disclosed, read users’ complaints about data privacy, then see how the passing of the GDPR resulted in a significant increase in breach disclosures across the EU. For my final project, I plan to accomplish that by displaying previous breaches on a map, using a color scheme to highlight the number from the EU. I will compare those numbers with the current EU breach disclosures from 2018-2019. Both datasets will be displaced on maps, with only the EU countries highlighted in color. The complaints will introduce the second map as the impetus for the change that resulted in GDPR legislation.  

# Final Project Wireframes

<div class="infogram-embed" data-id="159ffba1-68f7-4df3-8954-ae860241534c" data-type="interactive" data-title="2004-2017 Data Breaches"></div><script>!function(e,t,s,i){var n="InfogramEmbeds",o=e.getElementsByTagName("script")[0],d=/^http:/.test(e.location)?"http:":"https:";if(/^\/{2}/.test(i)&&(i=d+i),window[n]&&window[n].initialized)window[n].process&&window[n].process();else if(!e.getElementById(s)){var r=e.createElement("script");r.async=1,r.id=s,r.src=i,o.parentNode.insertBefore(r,o)}}(document,0,"infogram-async","https://e.infogram.com/js/dist/embed-loader-min.js");</script><div style="padding:8px 0;font-family:Arial!important;font-size:13px!important;line-height:15px!important;text-align:center;border-top:1px solid #dadada;margin:0 30px"><a href="https://infogram.com/159ffba1-68f7-4df3-8954-ae860241534c" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank">2004-2017 Data Breaches</a><br><a href="https://infogram.com" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Infogram</a></div>

From 2004-2017 the EU had less than 100 publicly-disclosed breaches. After the enforcement of GDPR, there were more than 59,000 breach disclosures granting citizens more awareness about their online data's security.

<div class="infogram-embed" data-id="6245c5cf-49d5-486f-8172-6a2e986d247a" data-type="interactive" data-title="EU Data Breaches"></div><script>!function(e,t,s,i){var n="InfogramEmbeds",o=e.getElementsByTagName("script")[0],d=/^http:/.test(e.location)?"http:":"https:";if(/^\/{2}/.test(i)&&(i=d+i),window[n]&&window[n].initialized)window[n].process&&window[n].process();else if(!e.getElementById(s)){var r=e.createElement("script");r.async=1,r.id=s,r.src=i,o.parentNode.insertBefore(r,o)}}(document,0,"infogram-async","https://e.infogram.com/js/dist/embed-loader-min.js");</script><div style="padding:8px 0;font-family:Arial!important;font-size:13px!important;line-height:15px!important;text-align:center;border-top:1px solid #dadada;margin:0 30px"><a href="https://infogram.com/6245c5cf-49d5-486f-8172-6a2e986d247a" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank">EU Data Breaches</a><br><a href="https://infogram.com" style="color:#989898!important;text-decoration:none!important;" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Infogram</a></div>

